The Component Gallery Search ^ ⌘ K Esc System Light Dark Components Design systems About 60 components, 95 design systems, 2,671 examples. The Component Gallery is an up-to-date repository of interface components based on examples from the world of design systems , designed to be a reference for anyone building user interfaces. Components View all Carousel Content slider A means of displaying multiple slides of content, one or more at a time. Navigation between slides can be controlled via swiping, scrolling, or buttons. Tree view A component for displaying nested hierarchical information, such as a table of contents or directory structure. Popover An element that pops up from another element over other content; it differs from a tooltip in that it is usually triggered via click instead of hover and can contain interactive elements. Rating Ratings let users see and/or set a star rating for a product or other item. Accordion Arrow toggle, Collapse, Collapsible sections, Collapsible, Details, Disclosure, Expandable, Expander, ShowyHideyThing An accordion is a vertical stack of interactive headings used to toggle the display of further information; each item can be 'collapsed' with just a short label visible or 'expanded' to show the full content. Quote Pull quote, Block quote Quotes are used to display a quotation: either from a person or another outside source or to highlight a passage of the current document (a pull quote). Pagination Pagination is the process of splitting information over multiple pages instead of showing it all on a single page; also the name for the interface component used for navigating between these pages. Tabs Tabbed interface Tabbed interfaces are a way of navigating between multiple panels, reducing clutter and fitting more into a smaller space. Design systems View all Polaris Polaris on Figma Shopify Tech Web Components Features Code examples Usage guidelines Accessibility Tone of voice Elastic UI framework Elastic UI framework on GitHub Elastic UI framework on Figma Elastic Tech React CSS-in-JS Features Code examples Open source Sainsbury's Design System Sainsbury's Design System on Storybook Tech React Sass Features Usage guidelines Code examples Tone of voice Ariakit Ariakit on GitHub Tech React Features Code examples Open source Accessibility SubZero SubZero on Storybook SubZero on Figma Axis Bank Features Accessibility issues Web Awesome Web Awesome on GitHub Tech Web Components Features Open source Code examples Red Hat design system Red Hat design system on GitHub Tech Web Components Features Code examples Usage guidelines HeroUI HeroUI on GitHub Tech React Tailwind CSS Features Code examples Open source The Component Gallery The Component Gallery is a project by Iain Bean , built with Astro , using data from Airtable , and hosted on Cloudflare Pages . Search functionality is powered by Pagefind . Screenshots were generated using this puppeteer script . The site’s CSS is generated with Tailwind . The fonts used are: Instrument Serif , Instrument Sans , and JetBrains Mono . About Contribute Changelog