Obscura How it works Open source Docs Star 16.2k Book a demo How it works Open source Docs Book a demo Give every agent its own browser. Clean, isolated browser sessions in milliseconds. We run the infrastructure and the automation, sized to your job. Tell us what you need and we deliver the data. Book a demo See how it works <50ms Session start time 10× leaner Memory vs. Chrome Zero state Fully isolated sessions Chrome is the bottleneck. It was built for people browsing one page at a time, not software running thousands of sessions at once. That mismatch shows up as cost, latency, and flaky results. 01 Heavy at scale Every Chrome instance eats memory and CPU. Run thousands of them and your bill climbs fast, all for features no agent ever touches. 02 Slow to start Cold starts take whole seconds. Multiply that across every task in a pipeline and your throughput grinds to a crawl. 03 State bleeds between tasks Cookies, logins, and cached data carry over from one run to the next. That leaks data and makes results impossible to reproduce. A browser, redefined. Obscura keeps only what machines need. Faster, cheaper, and safer than Chrome, with none of the rewrites. <50ms Boot on demand Sessions boot in under 50 milliseconds, not seconds. Spin up when you need them, tear down when you're done. Zero state Clean every time Every session is a fresh sandbox with nothing shared. No leaked cookies, no contamination, fully reproducible runs. 10× leaner More per machine A fraction of Chrome's memory footprint, so you pack far more concurrent sessions onto every machine you run. CDP Keep your stack Works with Playwright and the Chrome DevTools Protocol. Point your existing scripts at Obscura and go. From zero to a browser in one call. Keep the Playwright or Puppeteer code you already have. Point it at Obscura over CDP and connect, drive, and scale, no rewrites. Python Node.js Playwright Selenium Rust 01 Connect One API key spins up an isolated browser in milliseconds. No servers to run. 02 Drive Navigate, click, type, and extract data with Playwright or CDP. No rewrites. 03 Scale Run thousands of sessions in parallel, with capacity sized to the job and operated for you. Run it our way, or yours. Obscura is open source and fully yours. Use our managed cloud, or self-host the engine in a single Docker container. No lock-in, ever. View on GitHub Read the docs Give your agents a better browser. Book a short call. Tell us the job, and we will show you exactly how Obscura runs it and what it delivers. Book a demo See how it works Obscura The open source headless browser engine for AI agents and web scraping. Book a demo { copyright : "© 2026 Obscura. All rights reserved." , github : "/h4ckf0r0day/obscura" , docs : "docs.obscura.sh" , privacyPolicy : "/privacy-policy" , termsOfService : "/terms-of-service" , contact : "hello@obscura.sh" }