Raylight Product Agents Describe it, ship it Overview See how it works MCP server Connect Claude, ChatGPT, Cursor, and Codex to Raylight Capture for Mac New Screenshots and recordings straight into your project Marketplace Creators Become a creator Sell templates and earn with Raylight Raylight Awards New The $1,000 template contest Resources Academy Guides & tutorials Templates Start from a finished video Inspiration New Motion design worth studying Feed New Updates, questions, and showcases Contact Get in touch Pricing Log in Sign up Connect Raylight to Claude, Codex, Cursor, and more One paste to connect. Your AI gets native access to Raylight: reading shots, applying edits, and reviewing real rendered frames while you watch it work on your canvas. Try the in-app agent Claude Connect Claude on the web and desktop, or Claude Code in your terminal, with full access to your projects, shots, animations, and renders. Get Claude . Claude Claude Code Copy install prompt OpenAI Connect ChatGPT via Developer mode, or Codex in your terminal, with full access to your projects, shots, animations, and renders. Get ChatGPT . ChatGPT Codex Copy install prompt Cursor Connect Cursor with full access to your projects, shots, animations, and renders. Get Cursor . Copy install prompt Antigravity Connect Google Antigravity with full access to your projects, shots, animations, and renders. Get Antigravity . Copy install prompt Any MCP client works: point it at https://api.raylight.app/mcp and sign in with your Raylight account. Keep your project open at raylight.app while your agent works. Learn how to connect Raylight to Claude, Codex, Cursor, and more Claude Code · Opus 4.8 ~/Desktop > claude mcp add --transport http raylight api.raylight.app/mcp 1. Copy the install prompt Pick your AI above and paste its install prompt. Agents like Claude Code and Cursor add the Raylight connector themselves; Claude and ChatGPT walk you through the two clicks in their settings. Sign in with your Raylight account when asked. ✓ Raylight connected No editor tab detected. Open your project and I'll see your canvas: > raylight.app/editor/launch-video 2. Open your project Your agent works through your live editor. Open the project you want to work on at raylight.app and it connects automatically. Not sure which one? Your agent can list your projects and hand you the exact link. ✓ Editor connected: Launch Video (session 1). What would you like me to help you with? > Make the headline slide up and add a slow push-in 3. Write your first prompt Tell your agent what to build, change, or fix. It edits shots and animations directly on your canvas, renders real frames to check its own work, and you watch every change land live. Shoot bold. Ship fast. Start for free See how it works Product Product MCP server Capture for Mac Pricing Creators Templates Inspiration Awards Academy Use cases Product demo videos App promo videos SaaS launch videos Feature announcements Website hero videos Compare Raylight vs After Effects Raylight vs Jitter Raylight vs Canva Company Feed Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2026 Raylight. All rights reserved.