Post Log in Sign up Post bruno on X: "I respect everyone who builds something, but at this point it seems like there's a new "Claude for motion graphics" app every week. I'm not sure I understand who's the target market? Serious founders and brands will always opt in for a studio or an experienced motion designer that can create a full identity system they can reuse for years. Even then, there are already so many popular tools for this. Chatcut, Remotion, HeyGen and others exist, so where's the market for yet another one? What is the differentiator? Personally, maybe it'd peak my interest if it could also generate decent sound design by prompting, yet that's a side absolutely none of these tools are exploring. There's so much more to beautiful motion design yet everyone markets as "Claude for motion graphics". It only helps you get lost in the digital clutter." bruno @tvnxty I respect everyone who builds something, but at this point it seems like there's a new "Claude for motion graphics" app every week. I'm not sure I understand who's the target market? Serious founders and brands will always opt in for a studio or an experienced motion designer that can create a full identity system they can reuse for years. Even then, there are already so many popular tools for this. Chatcut, Remotion, HeyGen and others exist, so where's the market for yet another one? What is the differentiator? Personally, maybe it'd peak my interest if it could also generate decent sound design by prompting, yet that's a side absolutely none of these tools are exploring. There's so much more to beautiful motion design yet everyone markets as "Claude for motion graphics". It only helps you get lost in the digital clutter. cy @cy_burns Aug 15 Today we're launching Claude for motion graphics. One person is now a whole motion team: Turn words into your next launch video Say "make it snappier, or "slow it down" and its done on the spot. No design skills required. Give claude some inspo for what you like and have Show more 00:00 4:20 PM · Aug 16, 2026 3.1K Views 2 7 5 Log in or sign up for X See what’s happening and join the conversation Continue with phone Continue with Apple Continue with Google or Log in with username or email Relevant people bruno @ tvnxty Follow Trending now Terms · Privacy · Cookies · Accessibility · Ads Info · More © 2026 X Corp. bruno @tvnxty I respect everyone who builds something, but at this point it seems like there's a new "Claude for motion graphics" app every week. I'm not sure I understand who's the target market? Serious founders and brands will always opt in for a studio or an experienced motion designer that can create a full identity system they can reuse for years. Even then, there are already so many popular tools for this. Chatcut, Remotion, HeyGen and others exist, so where's the market for yet another one? What is the differentiator? Personally, maybe it'd peak my interest if it could also generate decent sound design by prompting, yet that's a side absolutely none of these tools are exploring. There's so much more to beautiful motion design yet everyone markets as "Claude for motion graphics". It only helps you get lost in the digital clutter. cy @cy_burns Aug 15 Today we're launching Claude for motion graphics. One person is now a whole motion team: Turn words into your next launch video Say "make it snappier, or "slow it down" and its done on the spot. No design skills required. Give claude some inspo for what you like and have Show more 00:00 4:20 PM · Aug 16, 2026 3.1K Views 2 7 5 cy @cy_burns Aug 16 Full audio mode in raylight coming soon. Thanks for the video hope. Comes with: - AI generated SFX voice over, etc… - bring you own sounds - sound processing like reverb, delay, EQ, etc… - Audi marketplace like templates Hope u try it 1 2 103 cy @cy_burns Aug 16 Did you use raylight? It’s got quite a bit of going on these tools you mentioned don’t have. We have built in sound btw. Good call to let Claude generate that. Adding now 67