Build fast agentic analytics with Claude Code and Rill Build fast agentic analytics with Claude Code and Rill Learn more → Product Product overview Solutions Programmatic advertising Audio advertising Infrastructure monitoring Product analytics IoT & logistics Docs Blog Pricing Contact Us 3k Log in Get Started Product Product overview Solutions Programmatic advertising Audio advertising Infrastructure monitoring Product analytics IoT & logistics Docs Blog Pricing Contact Us 3k Log in Get Started The fastest business intelligence tool for humans and agents Rill’s agentic analytics goes beyond dashboards with a natural language interface that powers instant, visual, and verifiable insights. Get started Request a demo Free trial. No credit card required. Helping teams turn data into decisions, all over the world. Built for speed. Engineered for trust. Days of analysis, done in seconds. Rill's AI agent runs dozens of queries to find the "why" behind your numbers so anyone can explore large datasets without waiting on an analyst. One source of truth for your team and agents. Establish a single, consistent version of truth for everyone in your organization through a "define once, use everywhere" approach. Embedded analytics that match your brand. Securely embed dashboards and data visualizations into your own applications, fully customizable to match your company's colors, typography, and identity. One platform to act on data 01 Get answers to any question Ask open-ended questions using natural language to receive a visual, verifiable answer. Easily enhance the AI's insights with your own expertise, seamlessly integrating machine and human intelligence with a single click. 02 Explore and explain data Gain quick insights into metric shifts and identify data anomalies with comprehensive summaries of their underlying root causes. Interactive dashboards allow users to intuitively filter, drill down, and compare data for deeper exploration. 03 Scale with BI-as-code Define and govern all your BI assets as SQL and YAML code in a GitHub project. Go from data to deployed dashboards using Claude or Cursor in minutes. 04 Customize your dashboards Canvas dashboards let you define your own visualizations and arrange them into your preferred layout. You can display data, create visualizations, and add rich content from independent metrics views. 05 Embed analytics with style Integrate custom-themed dashboards, with matching colors and typography, directly into your product. Securely embed data and analytics to increase the value of your offerings. Loved by data innovators Full confidence in the numbers Rill allowed me to query live data with full confidence in the numbers, metrics and calculations all under a trusted and governed environment. Salomon Vaisberg Director, Drio Tech My #1 BI tool Rill might be my #1 BI tool. I've been using Streamlit & DuckDB UI, but Rill is more comprehensive. I think their built-in semantic layer built is a game changer to using MCP effectively and trust the answers. Hoyt Emerson Technical Product Manager in Data and Analytics Fast & responsive 90% of our analysts' work is using time series analysis... Rill does exactly that, and even though we have Looker, analysts prefer to do everything in Rill because it's fast and responsive. Hammond Guerin Sr. Director of Analytics, Liftoff Not possible in other tools We use Rill pretty much from the start to the finish of each day. These analyses are not possible in other tools we use. Rahul Patnaik Senior Campaign Manager, Sabio AI-assisted, real-time decision-making This is the future. AI-assisted, real-time decision-making that empowers partners with direct optimization capabilities. Michael Pessis Head of Exchange Operations, Emodo Cut down custom data requests We've been able to cut down custom data requests to engineering significantly - close to 30%. Svetlana Itkes Sr. Director of Programmatic Account Management, Emodo Fastest time-to-insight Rill is a code-first dashboard tool that is the fastest time-to-insight and time-to-visualization business intelligence tool I have ever used. It is a “force multiplier”… Alex Alhstrom Director of Data Analytics, Angel Studios Operational and exploratory BI I'm super impressed at [Rill's] capabilities for fast interactive exploratory analytics...Traditional BI tools generally aren't fast enough for this type of operational and exploratory BI. Benjamin Wootton Founder & CTO, Ensemble Build a dashboard without extra steps TIL— Instead of doing some dbt magic, I can use @RillData to analyze my exported transactions and build an analytics dashboard without any extra steps. Beautiful how Rill visualizes time/number data automatically, playfully, and interactively. @sspaeti The power of conversational BI I'm excited about how conversational BI empowers every member of our team to make real-time decisions—no more sifting through dashboards, writing SQL, or building models in spreadsheets. Just ask questions the way you would ask a human & get the answers you need. Ilyas Patanam Co-Founder, NOCD Nothing like it exists on the market Our customers love Rill because the drill-down analytics is really very powerful compared to traditional static dashboards. Nothing like it exists on the market that is built for speed and exploration. Nageswara Mannem Co-Founder, Syft Data I'm live. Took 3 minutes. I just deployed to Rill cloud backed by Motherduck and it worked great— wonderful experience. In-browser CLI auth with Rill Cloud, added my Motherduck token, invited some viewers, I'm live. Took 3 minutes. @nicoritschel Good analytics and what people actually do There's an opinionated philosophy behind Rill that's about good analytics & what people actually do (date time comparisons - week over week, month over month). To build that out in other tools is a fair amount of effort, but every person needs to answer these types questions. John Wessel CEO, Agreeable Data | Cohost, Data Stack Show Ready for agentic business intelligence? Get started Request a demo No credit card required. Deploy your first dashboard today. Proud to be backed by data pioneers from Stay informed on feature releases, product roadmap, and news from our team Resources Product overview Documentation Example demos Release notes Blog Data Talks on the Rocks Media Kit Trust Center Solutions Programmatic advertising Infrastructure monitoring Product analytics IoT and logistics Case studies About Us Team Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2026 Rill Data, Inc.