Skip to content Keep Download Docs Blog Pricing Sign in Sign up Keep anything as Markdown Save everything you read, write, watch, and hear as clean Markdown your AI agents can search, read, and update. Start for free Copy setup prompt Claude Claude Code ChatGPT Codex Cursor Hermes OpenClaw Grok Bot OpenCode Pi 01. Everything you save, in one place you own. Capture pages, posts, files, and notes as plain Markdown. Organise them your way and take them anywhere. suganthan.com/blog/webmcp-implementation-guide/ WebMCP: I Made My Website AI Agent Ready (Here's How) Instead of making AI agents figure out your website by looking at it, y o u j u s t t e l l t h e m w h a t y o u r s i t e c a n d o . ✓ Saved to Keep Quick capture Save from the web app or browser extension. You can also use the CLI and MCP. K blog.jim-nielsen.com new The AI Aesthetic K Hacker News new 3 new Show HN posts K joost.blog new MCP goes stateless Inbox and Feed See new saves in one place. Review, filter, organise, archive, or mark them as done. Research # pricing # ideas # writing # markdown # launch Tags and collections Add structure when it helps. Keep suggests existing tags and collections as you type. @iannuttall Set up a dual-model code review workflow. Claude writes, Codex reviews, you merge. 2 Thread expanded 14 posts · full text and links Saved as Markdown ✓ X posts, threads, bookmarks Save X posts and bookmarks, with full threads captured as clean Markdown. PDF Text extracted ✓ MP3 Transcript ready ✓ CSV Rows indexed ✓ Drop files into Keep PDF · DOCX · IMG · MP3 Files and media Save PDFs, documents, images, videos, audio, and existing Markdown files. subscription pricing ⌘K Launch pricing notes Note Reader ideas # pricing 4 useful results Instant search Search by words or meaning across notes, saved content, tags, and source details. launch-notes.md v3 ## What matters for launch - Lead with one monthly plan - Include automation in Personal - Docs ready before launch Saved ✓ Notes and highlights Write Markdown notes, highlight useful lines, add context, and review revisions. Keep MCP connected › find launch pricing research search_items 4 results Launch pricing notes, plus 4 sources. Ask your library Connect an AI agent that can search your library and use the Markdown you saved. notes/launch.md 4 KB ✓ saved/webmcp-guide.md 12 KB ✓ highlights/pricing.md 2 KB ✓ 3 files · 18 KB · zipped markdown.zip Markdown export Download your notes and saved items as portable files you can use elsewhere. See every Personal feature ↗ Personal features Quick capture : Save from the web app or browser extension. You can also use the CLI and MCP. Inbox and Feed : See new saves in one place. Review, filter, organise, archive, or mark them as done. Tags and collections : Add structure when it helps. Keep suggests existing tags and collections as you type. X posts, threads, bookmarks : Save X posts and bookmarks, with full threads captured as clean Markdown. Files and media : Save PDFs, documents, images, videos, audio, and existing Markdown files. Instant search : Search by words or meaning across notes, saved content, tags, and source details. Notes and highlights : Write Markdown notes, highlight useful lines, add context, and review revisions. Ask your library : Connect an AI agent that can search your library and use the Markdown you saved. Markdown export : Download your notes and saved items as portable files you can use elsewhere. See every Personal feature 02. Everything you save becomes context for your agents. Your agents can search the whole library, open saved sources, and add or update notes. Connect over MCP or use the CLI. Keep MCP live session Keep search 3 useful results found Launch pricing notes · Competitor research · Reader ideas › what did I save about subscription pricing? search_items get_item 2 calls, 340ms You saved four pages and one note. The note compares monthly plans and links back to each source, including the page you highlighted last month. Search and AI access Read the search docs ↗ Keep search: 3 useful results found. Launch pricing notes, Competitor research, Reader ideas. Example questions what did I save about subscription pricing? Keep tools: search_items, get_item You saved four pages and one note. The note compares monthly plans and links back to each source, including the page you highlighted last month. add the strongest examples to my launch note Keep tools: search_context, get_note, update_note I found three saved threads and a video transcript. I added the strongest examples to your launch note with each source beside the relevant point. where was that article about digital archives? Keep tools: search_context Found it. You saved the article in May with the note “good explanation of file ownership.” The full page is available as Markdown. Read the search docs 03. Fill Keep with the context your agents need. Save things yourself, let Keep collect new material, or ask your agents to add it in the background. You save it Use the web app, browser extension, CLI, MCP, or upload files you already have. Pages, files, highlights, and notes Keep collects it Follow the sources you care about and Keep checks them in the background. Feeds, YouTube, GitHub, and email Your agents add it Scheduled agents can research a topic, save useful sources, and update your notes. Research through MCP, CLI, and API Everything arrives in one searchable Markdown library for you and your agents. Ways to add context Read the capture docs ↗ You save it Use the web app, browser extension, CLI, MCP, or upload files you already have. Pages, files, highlights, and notes Keep collects it Follow the sources you care about and Keep checks them in the background. Feeds, YouTube, GitHub, and email Your agents add it Scheduled agents can research a topic, save useful sources, and update your notes. Research through MCP, CLI, and API Everything arrives in one searchable Markdown library for you and your agents. Read the capture docs 04. Add background automation for sources you follow. Follow feeds, channels, repos, and newsletters. Keep fetches, cleans, and files anything new while you do something else. Sources and automation Keep checks your sources, processes new content, and organises it in the background. Included with Personal Checking 12 feeds 3 new suganthan.com Common Crawl Published a Manual for Being Visible to AI. I Automated It. Hacker News 3 new Show HN posts Feeds and newsletters Follow RSS, Atom, JSON Feed, h-feed, Hacker News, and newsletters. ▶ 04:47 Fireship · new upload Did Anthropic just kill the indie hacker...? Fetching transcript ready 0:00 Anthropic released Claude Opus 5. 0:27 Near Fable-level intelligence for half the price. 0:43 Why indie hackers may be endangered. 1:04 A one-million-token context window. 1:31 Agents can work across much larger projects. 2:08 The cost of building software keeps falling. YouTube channels and transcripts Follow channels for new uploads and process hosted transcripts. iannuttall/seo ★ saved The only SEO skill your agent needs. README.md The `seo` command turns crawl, Search Console, Google Analytics, and research data into work you can inspect and ship. README and metadata synced ✓ GitHub Stars and Gists Sync new Stars and Gists with their README, metadata, and source links. ✉ Forward to ian@in.keep.md Ben's Bites now Make it readable Saved as Markdown ✓ Forwarded email Send newsletters and other messages to your private Keep address. 24:08 transcribed 12:42 The decision was to keep the files portable... Audio transcription Process hosted audio and add a searchable transcript to the saved Markdown. New save Enriched ✓ A practical guide to local-first software Summary Why portable files and local ownership matter for long-term tools. # local-first # markdown AI summaries and tags Summarise new content and apply useful tags while each source runs. X bookmark sync Connect your private X account and bring new bookmarks into Keep automatically. $5/month Automatic private bookmark sync Keep checks X for new private bookmarks and saves them to your library. Bookmark sync Synced ✓ A Field Guide to Fable: Finding Your Unknowns ✓ @mitchellh on generic agent harnesses with CLI and MCP ✓ The Ultimate Apple Ads Playbook ✓ Compare automatic sources ↗ 05. Markdown for every kind of work you give an agent. Build a reading list, collect research, write notes, or give your saved Markdown to an AI agent. Personal Thoughts, links, and ideas worth keeping, in one searchable place your agents can use too. Reading Save articles, threads, newsletters, and PDFs in one simple reading list. Research Search across saved pages, documents, transcripts, and your own notes. Write Turn saved sources and your own ideas into a brief, draft, or reading list. Planning Keep plans and checklists in Markdown that can change as the work moves. Marketing Keep useful examples, customer language, results, and campaign ideas together. 06. Capture ideas to Markdown notes wherever you are. Each note is editable Markdown. Link it to saved pages, files, and highlights, then review every change in its history. Launch reading list open Project Personal Kind note Sources 1 2 - [x] Read the pricing research. - [x] Pull out the strongest examples. - [ ] Draft the launch note. + - [/] Draft the launch note from saved sources. Activity · 3 recent revisions Claude added a source-backed outline v3 · now · +8 −1 I Ian updated the reading list v2 · yesterday · +4 −0 I Ian created the note v1 · 2 days ago · +6 −0 Writing and history Read the notes docs ↗ Launch reading list Project: Personal. Kind: note. State: open. - [x] Read the pricing research. - [x] Pull out the strongest examples. - [/] Draft the launch note from saved sources. Attached sources: Pricing research, Positioning examples. Recent activity Claude added a source-backed outline in v3, now. Ian updated the reading list in v2, yesterday. Ian created the note in v1, 2 days ago. Read the notes docs 07. Connect Keep to the agents you work with. Connect Keep over MCP or use the CLI. Your agents can search saved Markdown, open the source, and add or update notes when you ask. MCP server For AI clients Add the hosted server to Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, OpenCode, Pi, or another MCP client. Your browser opens once so you can approve access. Claude Code No clients found Run this command to add Keep to Claude Code. claude mcp add --transport http keep https://keep.md/mcp Read the MCP docs ↗ Keep CLI For terminals and scripts # install the CLI $ npm i -g keep # authenticate this agent $ keep login codex → Codex connected with read and write access # search from this project $ keep search "subscription pricing" → 1 note · 4 items Read the CLI docs ↗ Connect over MCP Add the hosted server to Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, OpenCode, Pi, or another MCP client. Your browser opens once so you can approve access. claude mcp add --transport http keep https://keep.md/mcp Your AI client can search your library Read the MCP docs Install the CLI npm i -g keep keep login codex Codex connected with read and write access keep search "subscription pricing" 1 note · 4 items Read the CLI docs Clean Markdown from save to search to export. Search by words or meaning Find a saved item or note even when you cannot remember its exact title. Edit your Markdown notes Write your own thoughts, link them to sources, and review every revision. A calm reading view Read saved pages, transcripts, and documents without ads or page clutter. Highlights with context Mark the exact lines that matter and add a note about why you kept them. Useful to AI agents Give connected tools access to clean text and the source behind it. Portable Markdown export Download your notes and saved items as files you can keep and use elsewhere. 08. Start free. Get everything with Personal. Starter covers bookmark saves and limited notes. Personal adds full-content Markdown, search, sources, automation, and every way to connect your agents. X Sync is the only add-on. Starter Free Save bookmarks and keep a small note library for free. ✓ Save bookmarks from the web app and browser extension ✓ Create a limited number of notes ✓ Keep access to your saved library Start free Personal $10 /month Save anything as clean Markdown, with automations included. ✓ Everything in Starter ✓ Full-content Markdown extraction for pages, files, video, and audio ✓ Search across saved content and notes ✓ Sources and background automation ✓ AI summaries, automatic tags, and transcription ✓ CLI, MCP, API, and Markdown export Get Personal for $10/month X bookmark sync Sync your X bookmarks into Keep automatically. $5/month ✓ Automatic sync for private X bookmarks “ the easiest tool for me and my agents to find everything i save across all corners of the internet Ben Tossell Ben’s Bites, 160K+ subscribers Starter Free. Save bookmarks and keep a small note library for free. Save bookmarks from the web app and browser extension Create a limited number of notes Keep access to your saved library Start free Personal $10/month. Save anything as clean Markdown, with automations included. Everything in Starter Full-content Markdown extraction for pages, files, video, and audio Search across saved content and notes Sources and background automation AI summaries, automatic tags, and transcription CLI, MCP, API, and Markdown export Get Personal for $10/month Optional add-on X bookmark sync, $5/month Sync your X bookmarks into Keep automatically. Automatic sync for private X bookmarks Keep the things you want to find again. Save them as clean Markdown. Read them later, search across them, or use them with an AI agent. Get Keep for $10/month Read the docs Get Keep for $10/month Read the docs Keep Product Desktop app Capture Reading view Notes Search Export AI connections Sources Browser extension X bookmarks YouTube Web feeds Files and imports Keep Tools Blog Alternatives Compare Changelog Docs Developers About Contact Privacy policy Terms of service © 2026 Keep, an Ian Nuttall joint joint keep.md Keep anything as Markdown