Creative Dev Robotics Research Resources Enterprise Pricing Enterprise Sales Login Try Runway Runway AI Summit: 9/30 in San Francisco. Register now for the Runway AI Summit on 9/30 in San Francisco to hear from leaders at DeepMind, NVIDIA, Physical Intelligence and more. Buy tickets Promotion Terms Eligible Users receive unlimited Hailuo 3.0 generations during the Promotion Period. An “Eligible User” is a user who (a) signs up for a Max plan during the Eligibility Period, or (b) upgrades to a Max plan during the Eligibility Period. The “Eligibility Period” begins August 17, 2026 at 12:00am PT and ends when the Promotion Period ends. The “Promotion Period” runs for seven (7) days, beginning August 17, 2026 at 12:00am PT and ending August 23, 2026 at 11:59pm PT. For the avoidance of doubt, users who become eligible after the first day of the Promotion Period will receive fewer than (7) seven days of the benefit. For example, a user who activates an eligible Max plan on day 3 of the Promotion Period will receive the benefit solely for the remaining 4 days of the Promotion Period. Eligibility is determined by Runway in its sole discretion. Promotion only valid for runwayml.com and not on any products or services offered by third party resellers. Unlimited Hailuo 3.0 use does not apply when used from Runway’s MCP or Agent products. Participation in this promotion, including all use of Runway’s services during the Promotion Period, remains subject to the Runway Terms of Use, available at https://runwayml.com/terms-of-use . Runway reserves the right to modify or amend this promotion at any time. Creative Overview Agent Android app ↗ iOS app ↗ MCP Use Cases Pricing Login Dev Platform ↗ Models ↗ Model Router ↗ Workflows Recipes ↗ Characters Documentation ↗ Pricing Robotics Overview Policy Model Offline Policy Evaluation Data Augmentation Video Model Licensing Get Access Enterprise Overview Data Security Customer Stories For Education Contact Sales Research Research Hub Research News Publications GWM Worlds 2 General World Models GWM-1 Gen-4.5 Aleph 2.0 Act-Two Resources Academy ↗ Help Center ↗ Resource Hub News Changelog Meetups ↗ Events & Programs AI Festival ↗ AI Summit 2026 ↗ Gen:48 Studios Creative Partners Program Runway Builders Affiliate Program Talent Network ↗ Company About Us Careers Safety Verify Content Credentials Brand Guidelines Press Partnerships © 2026 Runway AI, Inc. / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / California Notices / Cookie Settings Code of Conduct / System Status