Post Log in Sign up Post Corey Haines on X: "I love how much faster the feedback loop is with AEO than SEO. A client came to us to boost their presence in AI answers and not just in Google results. We built a weekly press release program designed for AI citation: neutral, factual releases distributed over a newswire, each one written around the unbranded questions buyers in their category actually ask AI assistants. In just a few weeks, the releases earned 108 repeating citations! One release accounted for 78 of those citations 🤯 The scores for category prompts that never named the client directly improved by 21%" Corey Haines @coreyhainesco I love how much faster the feedback loop is with AEO than SEO. A client came to us to boost their presence in AI answers and not just in Google results. We built a weekly press release program designed for AI citation: neutral, factual releases distributed over a newswire, each one written around the unbranded questions buyers in their category actually ask AI assistants. In just a few weeks, the releases earned 108 repeating citations! One release accounted for 78 of those citations 🤯 The scores for category prompts that never named the client directly improved by 21% 7:43 PM · Aug 30, 2026 21.3K Views 22 7 228 440 Log in or sign up for X See what’s happening and join the conversation Continue with phone Continue with Apple Continue with Google or Log in with username or email Relevant people Corey Haines @ coreyhainesco Follow Trending now Terms · Privacy · Cookies · Accessibility · Ads Info · More © 2026 X Corp. Corey Haines @coreyhainesco I love how much faster the feedback loop is with AEO than SEO. A client came to us to boost their presence in AI answers and not just in Google results. We built a weekly press release program designed for AI citation: neutral, factual releases distributed over a newswire, each one written around the unbranded questions buyers in their category actually ask AI assistants. In just a few weeks, the releases earned 108 repeating citations! One release accounted for 78 of those citations 🤯 The scores for category prompts that never named the client directly improved by 21% 7:43 PM · Aug 30, 2026 21.3K Views 22 7 228 440 Trevor Longino @TrevorLongino Aug 30 Its crazy how all the SEO tricks from 15 years ago are back in action. I recall that trick from "The New Rules of Marketing and PR" by @ dmscott back when I was a newly-hatched marketing grub. 5 856 Kirtiraj 🤠 @ktarchived Aug 31 any APIs to check this citatation data? dataforSEO don't provide this ig 1 2 524 Kayan @KayanMashi Aug 31 The trap is treating “X citations” as the KPI. If RevOps/Mops can’t tie those citations to pipeline (which SKU, which question, which stage) then you just built a vanity AEO report. You scoring citation quality or only vol? 2 135