Post Log in Sign up Post Shann³ on X: "one of the best write-ups I have seen on getting hermes agent to build your life OS and second brain EP released a single prompt that creates 4 connected layers: 1. a markdown knowledge base that is your source of truth 2. a persistent memory pointer so every future session knows where it lives 3. agent skills for capturing, retrieving, and correcting context 4. a private life tracker for habits, goals, projects, and reviews, synced across sessions it is a lot to parse, so I visualized the whole system, save this and send it with the prompt to your agent" Shann³ @shannholmberg one of the best write-ups I have seen on getting hermes agent to build your life OS and second brain EP released a single prompt that creates 4 connected layers: 1. a markdown knowledge base that is your source of truth 2. a persistent memory pointer so every future session knows where it lives 3. agent skills for capturing, retrieving, and correcting context 4. a private life tracker for habits, goals, projects, and reviews, synced across sessions it is a lot to parse, so I visualized the whole system, save this and send it with the prompt to your agent EP @eptwts Aug 10 as promised, this prompt will change your life... (send it to your hermes agent & thank me later) ---------------------------------------------- create this system - a generic, durable, private, file-based knowledge base and synchronized life tracker that works across Show more 8:58 PM · Aug 10, 2026 299K Views 33 167 2.1K 5.4K Log in or sign up for X See what’s happening and join the conversation Continue with phone Continue with Apple Continue with Google or Log in with username or email Relevant people Shann³ @ shannholmberg Follow Trending now Terms · Privacy · Cookies · Accessibility · Ads Info · More © 2026 X Corp. Shann³ @shannholmberg one of the best write-ups I have seen on getting hermes agent to build your life OS and second brain EP released a single prompt that creates 4 connected layers: 1. a markdown knowledge base that is your source of truth 2. a persistent memory pointer so every future session knows where it lives 3. agent skills for capturing, retrieving, and correcting context 4. a private life tracker for habits, goals, projects, and reviews, synced across sessions it is a lot to parse, so I visualized the whole system, save this and send it with the prompt to your agent EP @eptwts Aug 10 as promised, this prompt will change your life... (send it to your hermes agent & thank me later) ---------------------------------------------- create this system - a generic, durable, private, file-based knowledge base and synchronized life tracker that works across Show more 8:58 PM · Aug 10, 2026 299K Views 33 167 2.1K 5.4K EP @eptwts Aug 10 goat 15 7.9K Jack Light @Zagrag Aug 11 Is this using Daniel Meissler’s LifeOS - github.com/danielmiessler… ? - as he recently updated it to work with Hermes. It’s a fabulous system. I can’t recommend it too highly. @ DanielMiessler GitHub - danielmiessler/LifeOS: ⛰️ The Life Operating System — an intent engineering platform that... From github.com 4 1.2K Blum @Blum_OG Aug 11 GIF 3 1.8K