 Introducing Heaviside-1 | Arena Physica Thesis Product Services Research Publications About Company Careers News System theme Get started Research Introducing Heaviside-1 A new class of foundation model for 3D electromagnetic fields with a step change in capability and out-of-distribution generalization. by Christopher Bryant , Hao Liu , Nathan Mirman, PhD , Tommaso Dreossi, PhD , Roberto Riganti, PhD , Ruichen Zhao, PhD , Noah Kessler , Boyuan Zhang, PhD , Trevor Beaton , Michael Frei, PhD , Pratap Ranade Sep 1, 2026 13 min read TL;DR Today, we are excited to introduce Heaviside-1 , a crucial milestone on our quest to build electromagnetic superintelligence: a foundation model that understands EM across the spectrum, from RF through photonics, capable of designing the next generation of electronics. Two major updates since Heaviside-0: (1) Heaviside-1 natively encodes 3D structures, their material properties, and excitation patterns as input. (2) It predicts full EM fields at arbitrary locations in space, not just downstream quantities like S-parameters. Heaviside-1 is &gt;10 × \times × the size of Heaviside-0, at 350M parameters (roughly the size of GPT-2), trained on 250k unique designs with 500B unique EM field samples. It runs 10 5 × 10^5\times 1 0 5 × faster than commercial solvers, while accuracy stays within 1 dB. Most importantly, field supervision lets Heaviside-1 generalize outside of distribution incredibly well, going from 0.99 dB to 0.53 dB S-parameter error. Try it out in Atlas Fields Studio in beta today (best viewed on desktop). Electromagnetic design shapes the systems through which modern technology senses, communicates, and computes: from conformal antennas and phased arrays for spacecraft, to all-weather sensors for robots, to the packaging and high-speed interconnects inside advanced semiconductors. These systems are essential, but designing them remains slow, expensive, and dependent on scarce expert intuition. At Arena Physica, our goal is to transform this process with a foundation model for electromagnetism (EM), a model trained not on language, but on electromagnetic fields and the geometries and materials that shape them. A model that develops a general understanding of how waves propagate, couple, reflect, and interfere across applications and, ultimately, across the electromagnetic spectrum from RF to photonics. In March , we introduced Heaviside-0, our first step toward that goal. Today, we&#x27;re introducing Heaviside-1 : a major advance that expands from planar structures to fully 3D geometries and predicts full, complex electromagnetic vector fields in 3D. The EM design loop The typical design loop for an EM system is: Specify the desired behavior (e.g. S-parameters , radiation patterns, etc.). Design an initial geometry that might achieve the desired behavior. Simulate the system to verify whether it matches the behavior. Modify the design when it doesn&#x27;t match the behavior. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until the behavior is right. Fabricate the design in the real world. Measure with physical equipment to verify the behavior. Repeat steps 2 through 7 until measured behavior matches target. The design step, colloquially described as a &quot;dark art&quot; by most engineers, is driven by an RF engineer who built intuition over years (usually decades) to predict how electromagnetic systems will behave. The simulation step is performed by a sim expert (often, this is a different person altogether) who can navigate the intricacies of proprietary simulation software that is difficult to configure, expensive, and takes hours (often days) to run. Inevitably, the first simulation result doesn&#x27;t match what the designer hoped to see, so the cycle starts over. This results in a design loop that is fragmented across experts and tools, expensive, and slow, even before fabrication begins. Our launch of Atlas RF Studio in March showed how we can accelerate and simplify the EM design loop by pairing LLM-based agents with an EM foundation model. Verification is the bottleneck The slowest (pre-fabrication) step in the design loop is simulation. Full-wave field solvers like Ansys HFSS numerically compute a solution to Maxwell&#x27;s equations over a discretized domain. This requires first constructing a &quot;mesh&quot; of the geometry (a challenging problem in itself, since a poorly constructed mesh can lead to inaccurate/non-convergent solutions), then brute-force solving a large system of partial differential equations until convergence criteria are met. Design verification is what typically makes the design loop so hard to optimize, both for humans and for AI (see Verifier&#x27;s rule ). With a good verifier, AI systems can achieve superhuman performance. Games are obvious verifiers, resulting in feats like AlphaGo in 2016. Software engineering has unit tests, mathematics has formal theorem verification tools like Lean , letting AI &quot;hill climb&quot; to perfection. Electromagnetism doesn&#x27;t have a good verifier. But if we could build one that is accurate, fast, and cheap, we could change that, unlocking superhuman AI for EM design. Heaviside-0 already demonstrated speed: its deep neural network accelerated S-parameter calculation by up to 6 orders of magnitude compared to traditional field solvers. It did this by amortizing the brute-force simulation cost over millions of simulated training examples, encoding that experience into the model&#x27;s learned latent space. That already proved to be powerful in a closed design loop, but its input design space was limited to 2.5D planar structures and its output was primarily restricted to S-parameters. And while it performed well in-distribution, it also wasn&#x27;t as accurate as we wanted it to be on geometries far outside of the training distribution. To create a superhuman designer, we must first build a better verifier. Since March, we have focused our efforts on creating a forward model that is more capable than the last and built to generalize. Enter Heaviside-1. New capabilities: 3D geometries, 3D fields Heaviside-1 is our latest forward model — 350M parameters (&gt;10x the size of Heaviside-0, and roughly the same size as GPT-2), trained on 250k unique 3D field simulations (at 10k probe locations, 100 frequencies, and 2 ports per sim, that amounts to 500B total field samples, or &gt;20 terabytes of data) — taking geometry, material properties, and excitation patterns as input, and predicting electromagnetic fields as output. On the input side, we&#x27;ve overhauled the geometry encoder so that instead of 2.5D planar geometries (a stack of 2D images representing layers of patterned metal and dielectric), it now ingests fully 3D complex structures. For comparison, multimodal LLMs can&#x27;t do this at all, since they are typically trained to ingest only words, audio, 2D images, and 2D video. Unlike Heaviside-1, no frontier LLM can handle arbitrary 3D geometry with invisible material properties like conductivity, permittivity, etc. On the output side, we&#x27;re now treating electric (E) and magnetic (H) near-fields as first-class prediction targets. Previously, Heaviside-0 trained primarily on S-parameters, but the full 3D vector fields encode much more information, letting the model learn a latent representation of the underlying physics vs. applied approximations used by most engineers. By doubling down on field-data generation and training, we were able to produce a model that generalizes significantly better to unseen geometry families than training on S-parameters alone. Plus, with near-fields as the primary target, we can begin to use the model to predict other downstream targets in the future (e.g. far-field radiation patterns). We&#x27;re particularly excited about Heaviside-1 because these two changes unlock a new family of industry use cases previously inaccessible to Heaviside-0. Fully 3D geometries allow us to describe essential structures in semiconducto
...
 The best way to understand what it can already do is to interact with it yourself, so try out Atlas Fields Studio in beta and let us know what you think. If you&#x27;re a student interested in academic access and partnerships, please reach out to education@arenaphysica.com . Try Atlas Fields Studio Beta Acknowledgements Thank you to our RF experts for their input and testing of Heaviside-1 and Atlas Fields Studio: Harish Krishnaswamy, PhD; Arun Natarajan, PhD; Yang Su; and Zhaoji Fang, PhD. Citation For attribution in academic contexts, please cite this work as: Bryant, et al., &quot;Introducing Heaviside-1&quot;, Arena Physica, 2026. https://www.arenaphysica.com/publications/heaviside-1 BibTeX citation: @misc{bryant2026heaviside1, author = {Bryant, Christopher M. and Liu, Hao and Mirman, Nathan and Dreossi, Tommaso and Riganti, Roberto and Zhao, Ruichen and Kessler, Noah and Zhang, Boyuan and Beaton, Trevor and Frei, Michael and Ranade, Pratap}, title = {Introducing Heaviside-1}, howpublished = {Arena Physica}, year = {2026}, month = sep, url = {https://www.arenaphysica.com/publications/heaviside-1} } Contents The EM design loop Verification is the bottleneck New capabilities: 3D geometries, 3D fields EMVal v1.0 EMVal-NF: Near-field EMVal-SP: S-parameters Looking forward Connect with our team to explore opportunities. Get Started Explore Home Thesis Product Services Research Company Careers News Locations NYC (HQ) SF LA Arena Physica Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies 