This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. blume and our selected partners use cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are necessary to present this website, and to ensure you get the best experience of it. If you consent to it, we will also use cookies for analytics purposes. See our Cookie Policy to read more about the cookies we set. You can withdraw and manage your consent at any time, by clicking “Manage cookies” at the bottom of each website page. Accept all cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Cookie preferences Select which cookies you accept On this site, we always set cookies that are strictly necessary, meaning they are necessary for the site to function properly. If you consent to it, we will also set other types of cookies. You can provide or withdraw your consent to the different types of cookies using the toggles below. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking the link “Manage Cookies”, which is always available at the bottom of the site. To learn more about what the different types of cookies do, how your data is used when they are set etc, see our Cookie Policy . Strictly necessary These cookies are necessary to make the site work properly, and are always set when you visit the site. Vendors Teamtailor Analytics These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used. Vendors Teamtailor Accept these cookies Decline all non-necessary cookies Skip to main content Career menu Start Jobs Employee Log in as employee Candidate Log in to Connect Homepage blume.codes Share page Facebook X LinkedIn Shape the future of agentic coding. Join Blume and help make coding agents work better for everyone. Connect Job openings Scroll to content Open roles at Blume Head of Growth Founding Engineer All jobs About blume Blume is building the calm control layer for coding agents. Our desktop companion helps developers see what every agent is doing, understand the context shaping its work, and turn repeated corrections into durable project knowledge. Founded in 2025 Start Jobs Data & privacy Manage cookies X blume.codes Employee login · SSO Candidate Connect login Already working at blume? Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague. @blume-demo.com Log in Career site by Teamtailor