/ skills A collection of agent skills that help with various parts of building a great interface. From animation and UI polish to accessibility and product writing. npx skills add jakubkrehel/skills Skills (opens in a new tab) GitHub (opens in a new tab) / better-ui Polishes and improves the UI in your project. Covers concentric border radius , optical alignment , surface depth , contextual icons , hit areas and more. Based on the Details That Make Interfaces Feel Better article. Message Day Week Month 1,204 Follow before Message Day Week Month 1,204 Follow after / better-typography Focuses on type scale , spacing , sizing , variable fonts , OpenType features , wrapping , truncation and other details that make typography feel great across your product. Interfere for Engineers 12,408 More time building, less time fixing. Stop correlating bug reports across scattered tools. Interfere finds the root cause and owns the fix. after / better-colors Helps convert your project to use OKLCH colors and answer anything about it. You can also convert colors , generate palettes , check contrast , clamp colors to a target gamut , set up fallbacks and more. oklch oklch oklch oklch hsl hsl hsl hsl oklch(0.50 0.16 30) oklch(0.50 0.16 150) oklch(0.50 0.16 250) oklch(0.50 0.16 320) hsl(30 100% 50%) hsl(150 100% 50%) hsl(250 100% 50%) hsl(320 100% 50%) Lightness 50% / better-accessibility Helps your project comply with accessibility standards and best practices. Email Password Create account before Covers focus states , keyboard navigation , ARIA , forms , screen readers , hit areas and more. before after / better-layout Helps with grouping , alignment , reading order , progressive disclosure and other details that make layouts feel great in your project. Guides feat: add skill examples Ready in 49s JK jakub d32da51 skills before / better-writing Focuses on improving product copy in your project. Are you sure? This action cannot be undone. Please confirm to continue. No OK before Delete Marketing site? Deleting removes 24 pages. This can’t be undone. Cancel Delete after Covers button labels , error messages , settings , onboarding and empty states while keeping voice and terminology consistent. No results. before No projects yet Projects keep your files, notes and tasks in one place. Create a project after / better-interface Combines all of the /better-* skills into a single review across accessibility , layout , writing , typography , color and UI polish . / interface-review Reviews your work across multiple categories like UI , typography , layout , color , writing and accessibility and gives you a detailed analysis of the findings. / explain-interface Helps you figure out how something was built on the web. You can try something like /explain-interface how is the gradient on interfere.com built? . / break Renders a component you choose in every state and scenario on a temporary page and stress tests it. It’s a great way to find issues in your design system that you might not be aware of. / variant Builds multiple variants of a component you’re working on and helps you iterate and pick one.