Taste Skill Docs Changelog Blog Guide … Docs Changelog Blog Guide v2 (experimental) just shipped Taste Skill The Anti-Slop Frontend Framework for AI Agents Less slop, designs pop. Open-source skill files that stop Cursor, Claude Code, Codex, Gemini CLI, v0, Lovable, and more from generating generic frontends. $ npx skills add Leonxlnx/taste-skill Copy See what is new in v2 Read the docs Sponsored by Gold Sponsors Novamira Full WordPress access for AI agents Bronze Sponsors interfaces.dev A design engineering magazine by Jakub Krehel React Bits Animated React components for creative interfaces animations.dev Animation course by Emil Kowalski IMG.LY Creative editing SDKs for web and mobile Sent.dm Messaging API for SMS, WhatsApp & RCS Kimi Open Source Friends Vercel Open Source Program Thank you to 16 folks keeping this open. Join the wall @ dnakov @ AkramReshad @ ajmalaksar25 @ krikkkk @ navanchauhan @ robinebers @ JKc66 @ u2393696078-rgb @ a-human-created-this @ AtharvaJaiswal005 @ ghughes7 @ mccun934 @ techmedic5 @ bytewerk-dev @ LuisGot @ oskar-collab Works with every agent. One install. Cursor, Claude Code, Codex, Gemini CLI, v0, Lovable, OpenCode and more. Taste Skill plugs into any tool that supports SKILL.md files. Install in one command GitHub Compatible coding agents 01 Codex 02 Claude Code 03 Cursor 04 OpenCode 05 Gemini CLI 06 AI Studio 07 v0 08 Lovable Show all 8 agents Escape the generic AI slop. Current skills. Pick the right skill for the job. taste-skill v2 experimental Reads the brief, infers the right design direction, and ships interfaces that do not look templated. Real design systems when applicable, audit-first on redesigns, strict pre-flight check. Install name: design-taste-frontend. taste-skill-v1 Legacy The original v1 of taste-skill, preserved for projects depending on its exact behavior. Install with --skill design-taste-frontend-v1. Use only if v2 breaks something specific. gpt-tasteskill GPT/Codex Stricter variant for GPT and Codex models with stronger layout variance and motion direction. image-to-code-skill Image-first Generates design references first, analyzes them deeply, then implements the frontend closely. redesign-skill Audit For existing projects that need a proper visual audit and cleaner redesign pass. soft-skill Visual style For calm, expensive-looking interfaces with softer contrast, whitespace, and smooth motion. output-skill Execution Keeps outputs complete. Prevents placeholders, skipped sections, and half-finished work. minimalist-skill Visual style Cleaner editorial product UI with restrained color, sharp structure, and tighter hierarchy. brutalist-skill Visual style Harder mechanical visual language: Swiss typography, raw structure, and sharper contrast. stitch-skill Export Google Stitch-compatible semantic design rules with an extra DESIGN.md export format. imagegen-frontend-web Image gen Premium website reference images: strong art direction, typography, spacing, and anti-slop discipline. imagegen-frontend-mobile Image gen Premium mobile screen concepts and flows with clean hierarchy and multi-screen consistency. brandkit Image gen Brand-kit overview images with logo concepts, color systems, typography, and mockups. Show all 13 v2 (experimental) What is new in v2 . A substantial 2026 rewrite of the default skill. The agent now reads the brief, infers the right direction, and ships interfaces that do not look templated. Same install command, much stricter ruleset. Stability: v2 (experimental) is the new default. It is genuinely better than v1 and we recommend it, but it is still iterating. The install name ( design-taste-frontend ) stays stable. Rule wording may change before v2.0.0 stable cuts. $ npx skills add https://github.com/Leonxlnx/taste-skill --skill "design-taste-frontend" Existing users automatically get v2 on next install. Pinned to v1? use --skill design-taste-frontend-v1 . Read full changelog CHANGELOG.md on GitHub Structure New rules Big bans Animation Stack § 0 Brief inference The agent reads the room before generating: industry, audience, mood, motion depth, layout family. § 2 Brief to design system map When to reach for Material, Fluent, Carbon, Polaris, Atlassian, Primer, GOV.UK, USWDS, Bootstrap, Radix, shadcn, Tailwind official, versus native CSS. § 8 Dark mode protocol Dual-mode by default. Contrast and hierarchy parity across themes. § 11 Redesign protocol Audit-first on existing projects. Preservation rules and explicit modernisation levers. § 12 Block library schema Contract for iterative block additions so the library stays coherent. § 14 Hard pre-flight check Every checkbox must honestly pass before the agent ships output. Projects built with Taste Skill. Floria Landing Page Collective OS Technical UI Want yours featured here? DM @lexnlin on X. Support Taste Skill This framework is completely open source. If it saves you time and sanity, consider supporting the development. Sponsor on GitHub Taste Skill © 2026 Taste Skill. Built by Leon Lin and blueemi. Docs Changelog Blog Guide GitHub @lexnlin @blueemi99